now I lay me down to sleep I pray the
Lord my soul to keep
should I die before I wake I pray the
Lord my soul to take
now I lay me down to sleep I pray the
Lord my soul to keep
should I die before I wake I pray the
Lord my soul to take I'm not religious
though I was baptized Catholic I never
go to church and I never practice to say
I'm agnostic the people ever asked and
in my school I got religion class but it
never answered any of my questions
mostly just a history class full of
lessons don't really believe in hell or
heaven but I know that whenever I'm
really stressing I look up to the sky
there's no reason why sometimes it helps
me clear my
I'm in search of a divine sign so she
was there past that I'm lost online I
just can't make sense of the world
sometimes hostess I get two answers
through some rhymes but I'm grateful for
every day I'm still alive so I'm pouring
out my soul if I should die
in my
I'm spiritual with no defined religion
and I thank God with my talents are not
god-given because I worked hard to be in
this position trying to find my purpose
I believe I'm on a mission but the
answers are missing and with every day
I'm giving I'm trying to find the tutu's
world in which we live in but I know I'm
wrong I don't pray to be forgiven I try
to do right next time but I won't stop
sinning at least in the religious sense
I'll still be grinning but when my name
is called I know I'll go out winning
hopefully with the family and a couple
of children and with the soulmate I
wouldn't want the other women I know I'm
not pure so I don't need linen good and
evil to both worlds I've been in whether
or not there's God I hope someone's
listening
before
if I shall
I breathe
it's a religion in order to find meaning
other times religion can be misleading
because differences and faith can create
hate instead of acceptance people get
our rain because others can share the
views and they can't tolerate a
different opinion instead of having a
debate they start wars and this violence
to communicate but what they're saying
doesn't really make any sense because
the hypocritical us all courage you
should not be seen as literal we don't
even know what the truth is if people
are willing to fight and be ruthless I
can't understand how a grown man you
kill others and think it's part of God's
rule and I'm not against religions is
what it can create and its original
sense religion is great so I pray the
Lord my soul to tell your music
ah
now I lay me down to sleep I pray the
Lord my soul to keep
should I die before I wake I pray the
Lord my soul to take
now I lay me down to sleep I pray the
Lord my soul to keep
should I die before I wake I pray the
Lord my soul to take